The world is moving on.
The structure of Minaguchi has changed.
If you go further from the Mejiro, you'll see the Bunkamura.
You'll see a house that looks like a wild mouse.
From now on, we'll be able to build a house without a chassis.
Even if a person is thrown in the middle of the road, he can't do anything.
He can't build a house without a chassis.
And then, the city of Shinobi, Ichiago, on the other side of the sea,
I want to take a picture of the water of the Tomenaga River.
Around March, I was in the spring.
It was March 4, the old time.
It was raining and I was doing the rain-drying.
I was looking at the city of Toshinokorowa.
It's a 26-story, one-story city.
You'll get a cold, so come in here.
Thank you.
I'm sorry to have taken the time to come here for nothing.
No, I can't forgive you for this.
Please come in here.
I'll take a little bit of the sake of the garden.
I'll paint the man who came here, 32, 32, 32.
It's dark in the morning and the mouth is closed, so the arrangement is good.
I smoke from my waist and drink tobacco.
It's a good thing.
If you say it's a piece of iron, it's a piece of iron.
If you smoke from your waist, you can paint.
If you wear dirty clothes,
you can't paint if you take a bat out of your pocket and drink it.
What are you? The rain won't stop.
Please come in here.
I don't think the garbage is properly polluted, so please bring the trash here.
Thank you very much.
I'm sorry to have taken the time to come here.
There is no car shop in the neighborhood, so there are people who use it.
I'll ask them to bring it to me and bring the umbrella and the geta.
Thank you very much.
I hope you'll do anything.
Come in here.
It's tea.
You're a fool.
It's a bad thing to sit in a house you don't know.
You can't say, put strawberries on it.
The alcohol begins.
As you know, alcohol is not like a base mall.
Naturally, the hands are close.
The fingers touch, the hands touch, the little finger and the little finger are stuck and pulled.
The rain starts to fall.
The thunder rumbles.
The woman is scared.
The woman who is scared is the culprit.
However, the woman is not afraid of the thunder.
The man is more frightened.
The thunder is very strong.
You are not afraid, but the thunder is electric.
Thank you for your viewing.